Project Overview:Introduction:
The SunDevil Pizza store would like to test a new ordering system to help ASU
students be able to conveniently order pizza for pickup. The objectives of the new
system are:
● Allow all ASU students with valid ASU id numbers to order pizza online.
● The new system should give the client status messages as the pizza goes
through being prepped and cooked.
● Then the client should receive a confirmation of the finished pizza.
Non-functional requirements:
● The change in status on the application should line up with the exchange of the
pizza ingredients from the online processing agent to the chef.
● Reasonable time given for the online processing agent to prepare ingredients for
the chef.
● Reasonable time given as a baseline for the chef to finish cooking the pizza.
● Rejection emails should be sent as fast as possible as the ASU Id returns as
invalid.
● Add the order to the semester food cost for the student
Functional requirements:
● Give the client different pizza types:
○ Pepperoni pizza
○ Vegetable pizza
○ Cheese pizza
● After type is chosen give additional topping list:
○ Mushroom
○ Olives
○ Onions
○ Extra cheese
● Validate whether the ASU id is indeed valid.(number is 10 digits long).
○ Send rejection email
○ Set status message to accepted
● When accepted order processing agent preps the pizza to be given to chef
○ Set status message to READY TO COOK
○ Add costs to their total semester food costs
● Chef takes READY TO COOK orders and places them in oven
○ Set status message to COOKING
○ Once chef finishes pizza
■ Set status to READY
■ Send email that the pizza is ready for pickup
System Users:
These are the potential actors on the new SunDevil pizza order system:
● Clients: ALL ASU students with valid ID’s: the clients will be able to complete a
ordering form that specifies the pizza type, toppings and potential pickup time.
● Processing agents: the processing agents are concerned with the specifications
of the clients pizza and to deliver a prepped pizza to be cooked to the chef. They
are also concerned with setting a new status message once this has been
completed.
● Chefs: The Chefs take the prepped pizza and finish cooking it in the oven.
They’re secondary role is to set a new status first when they receive the pizza
and set it to cooking. Then at the end of the process where the pizza is finished
they set the status to READY and an email is sent directly to the client signifying
the pizza is ready for pickup.
System Concerns:
● User is a valid Arizona State University student currently enrolled for the school
year
● Ensure proper interaction between system user
● Correct information is presented to the user and sent to the processing agents
● User is properly charged for their order and have it added to their total semester
food cost
The Process:
● This project will be split up into four phases
○ Phase 1:
■ Establish the requirements for this project
■ Give a walkthrough of of how the user will interact with the
application
■ Determine a plan for implementation
○ Phase 2:
■ Determine the use cases
■ Create a diagram that will illustrate how the user will perform
tasks on the application and the interaction between different
agents
■ Come up with a plan for functional testing, ensure that the
application can pass through multiple test cases
■ Create an initial prototype of the code
○ Phase 3:
■ This is the implementation phase of the project
■ Create code for the application and develop a demo version
○ Phase 4:
■ Create the final class diagram
■ Create a report for how the test cases went and address any
issues
■ Make a presentation to advertise application to targeted
audience